README.md, before:

# REDI-Documentation
Repository for .md documentation files to create a documentation site. The information can be found at the [gh-pages website](https://in-for-disaster-analytics.github.io/REDI-Documentation/).

Updates to this website are pushed when the Live-Site branch gets updated.

## Website Contents
- Projects
- Field Protocols
  - Fort Davis   

## Run the site locally
This website is built using the [Material for Mkdocs](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) package.  Installation and getting started instructions are available [in the documentation](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/getting-started/)

To run locally using miniconda:
1. Clone this repository onto your computer  
2. Start miniconda  
3. Create a 'mkdocs' environment `conda create --name mkdocs`  
4. Activate the mkdocs environment `conda activate mkdocs`  
5. Navigate into the github repository on your computer  
6. Run the command `mkdocs serve`  
7. Open the local browser address shown

To edit locally, use the IDE of your choice, VS Code is a good option.

Commit message:

add: support python virtual envs

README.md, after:

# REDI-Documentation

Repository for .md documentation files to create a documentation site. The information can be found at the [gh-pages website](https://in-for-disaster-analytics.github.io/REDI-Documentation/).

Updates to this website are pushed when the Live-Site branch gets updated.

## Website Contents

- Projects
- Field Protocols
  - Fort Davis

## Run the site locally

This website is built using the [Material for Mkdocs](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) package. Installation and getting started instructions are available [in the documentation](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/getting-started/)

### Using Miniconda

To run locally using miniconda:

1. Clone this repository onto your computer
2. Start miniconda
3. Create a 'mkdocs' environment `conda create --name mkdocs`
4. Activate the mkdocs environment `conda activate mkdocs`
5. Navigate into the github repository on your computer
6. Run the command `mkdocs serve`
7. Open the local browser address shown

To edit locally, use the IDE of your choice, VS Code is a good option.

### Using python environment

To run locally using python:

1. Clone this repository onto your computer
2. Navigate into the github repository on your computer
3. Run the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Run the command `mkdocs serve`
5. Open the local browser address shown

To edit locally, use the IDE of your choice, VS Code is a good option.
